\subsection{\label{sec:level2}Summary}
INGRID is a new grid generator for tokamak boundary region, it is
capable of producing grids for single-null (SNL), unbalanced
double-null (UDN), and snowflake-like (SF) configurations. Currently,
exported grids are in the format of the UEDGE code, and future
development anticipates the addition of additional formats as adoption
of INGRID increases in the broader edge-plasma community. INGRID can
be utilized via the INGRID Python package, or through a parameter file
driven GUI mode. The internal equilibrium file analysis algorithm
provides the ability to automatically identify the divertor
configuration embedded within experimental data with minimal user
interaction. A divide and conquer, geometry class hierarchy approach
to grid generation is at the heart of INGRID and leads to the Patch
map abstraction: a partition of the modeling domain that allows for
localized grid generation. These localized grids are combined into a
global grid that are then ready for export. Current computational
scaling of grid generation algorithm follows a sublinear trend
independent of magnetic-topology modeled. Benchmarking of INGRID
against the internal grid generator in UEDGE was conducted on an SF75
configuration. These tests illustrated INGRID's ability to both
reproduce a grid obtained with UEDGE's internal grid generator and
produce consistent UEDGE simulation results, but at a fraction of the
effort with regards to generating the grid.

\section{Acknowledgments}
The authors would like to thank M.E.Rensink for his help with grid
generation in UEDGE. This work was performed for U.S. Department of
Energy by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory under Contract
DE-AC52-07NA27344.
